hey guys through video here coming at
you with another guide for more lines to
today I'm going to help you with the
achievement world traveler and plate
explorer there is why I'm doing on both
is because of a kind of intertwined with
each other now before I start doing what
you guys know that you need to have the
whole game feat in every single mode and
have the first three treatments are to
explore Islands floor and earth Explorer
also totally going to show you two
locations at people off to s and they
are personally added to that I missed
the first one is in sawtooth cauldron
that's all were there then quickly head
over to the elevator
once on top take a left onto the
platform then go to the edge to the
right should see a little fire on top of
the mountain a little campfire jump down
you should have a mock the area and you
can go and collect some food you might
get lucky in front some good stuff i
suppose i'm going to show you it is way
in the beginning of the game last travel
to the southern shelf that make your way
over to the southern shelf bay
go
the boyborgs are and instead of going
into the area where you fight age it mom
take a right and just follow path and
until you discover all the locations it
kind of makes a big and there's a lot of
locations that you will find they're not
split all the ones that I was pressing
for this achievement if you have these
places still and are getting the
achievement plus chai flash drive linked
all of the locations that you have
already found and make sure that you
don't have any blacked out spots like to
think and if you do just go find out
because they're going to be of locations
they haven't discovered yet and if you
still on getting it try doing some side
missions inside plus because a lot of
times we'll have you go to areas that
you want to probably find by yourself
I hope this guy is this guide helped you
thanks for watching please rate comment
subscribe and I hope to see you guys
another one of my videos